Update attack-surface-reduction-exploit-guard.md (#4335)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-exploit-guard/attack-surface-reduction-exploit-guard.md

For information about configuring attack surface reduction rules, see [Enable attack surface reduction rules](enable-attack-surface-reduction.md).

> ## Review attack surface reduction events in the Microsoft Defender ATP Security Center

Reviewer: replace with "Microsoft Security Center"

> ## Review attack surface reduction events in the Microsoft Defender ATP Security Center

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Review attack surface reduction events in the Microsoft Security Center
```

Windows Defender ATP provides detailed reporting into events and blocks as part of its alert investigation scenarios.

> You can query Microsoft Defender ATP data by using [Advanced hunting](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/advanced-hunting-windows-defender-advanced-threat-protection). If you're using [audit mode](audit-windows-defender-exploit-guard.md), you can use Advanced hunting to see how controlled folder access settings would affect your environment if they were enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can query Microsoft Defender ATP data by using [Advanced hunting](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/advanced-hunting-windows-defender-advanced-threat-protection). If you're using [audit mode](audit-windows-defender-exploit-guard.md), you can use Advanced hunting to see how controlled folder access settings could affect your environment.
```
